don't mess with these hey guys I have a
different kind of video for you today if
you follow me on Twitter you'll know I'm
a huge MP is fan most popular girls in
school and pas is a stop-motion drama
with bitchy Barbie dolls it just speaks
to me
so fan / friend on Twitter made me a
video in the style of MP is that I
thought was just absolutely hysterical
you can follow her on Twitter at la vie
by nature you might not have the same
sense of humor as me you might not find
it as funny I don't know even if you
enjoy just a little bit as much as I did
I think you'll have a fun time watching
it here it is thank you again to La Vie
by nature on Twitter and enjoy is this
fucking thing on tell us about your soul
well my name is McKenzie and I'm 13
years old and I am a stalker could you
be a little bit more specific well I
wouldn't really call it stalking I mean
I like him but you know what let me just
show you my fucking room okay so this is
my room um I wouldn't really say I have
an obsession with Matt Hardy but if I
did it would be totally normal this is
probably my favorite photo of Matt Hardy
and Lita um
I reckon they made such a good couple
even though she like totally cheated on
him like I totally ship Lita and Matt
Hardy seriously ever since this ready
Skye bitch came into the picture I'm
like who the fuck are you yeah I'm
talking to you bitch who the fuck are
you anyway oh shut the fuck up spot I'm
allergic to dogs but I saw this picture
of Matt Hardy with a dog
so I bought a dog
get off my fucking bed spot so um does
Matt party know you exist
no oh okay so how do you feel about Matt
Hardy and rabies guys engagement they're
engaged they're engaged they're fucking
gays he didn't tell me bitch I just had
a cute day with Matt I love him so much
fuck you who the fuck do you think you
are I don't want to brag or anything but
I have like a hundred followers on
Twitter
I should be verified I'm so hot okay I'm
going to send this rubbish garbage the
nastiest tweet ever you are a mean girl
you are going to cheat on that and I
can't fucking believe you're engaged he
is mine Candice darling dinner's ready
not now mom I made a fucking keyboard
warrior Reby sky don't mess with me
bitch